WhatIf button?

++ and --
    maybe just allow basic arithmetic?

add handle and proc name to mouse click helper info

TOP and BOTTOM commands for cursor and maybe goto line? 

Line numbers?

scratch pad?

fix up helper window
    put hot key stuff in there? maybe settings instead?
    make it resizeable
    
Add stop window that can be set in settings and can be clicked if need be that still ties into scroll lock

Ruggedize settings saving (make it save when you make a change not just on close)

revisit F hotkeys (make the F3 toggle instead of add) make F5 just write over selection instead of insert 

Allow functions to take args?
    This can be achieved with variables, but still would be nice

Debug breakpoints?
    This is essentially pause with a quit statement, or pause, then press scroll lock, then continue to quit

Simple View vs. Advanced View

Code Stylize

Comments

Encryption option for stored textfiles

add right click menu (still need to not be able to open too far down or right)
    *copy
    *paste
    *select all
    re-highlight/parse
    select line
    un/comment selection
    *find/replace
    *run selection
    *run
        * = done

Change setting for hung process and detect when process is no longer thinking? (Will require admin? Probably doesn't require admin)

yes/no/cancel/ok buttons in "output"? How would command line handle this?

ability to make windows invisible?

get proc of focussed window
    selection tool in helper

In the reparse functionality, have a precheck? Make this a separate function?

Run Selection Button
    single command box?
    Commandline switch for short commands? single text file instead of folder? parse those?
    
Convert everything to C#
    Standardize and clean up internal functions

Logging / Better crash handling
    timing as well like some kind of run complete/crashed/cancelled output at the end

Allow key remapping / reset to default button

Add better array support
    smarter indexing like negative indexing and selecting a range and creating empty arrays and appending

Better profile management
    smarter checking for profile to load on start or easier way to save over stuff
    ctrl+s shortcut too 

Procname changer/randomizer
    put this in settings tab

Mouse improvements
    Vectorization for mouse movements to make them smooth (switch based) with sinusoidal speed
    Switch for mouse coords with adjustable weight for random coords (more human)
    Accept percentage as a function of screen size as well as pixels and relative pixel hunting 

Listeners for custom hotkeys

Recorder for fast building macros

Taskable server?
    encrypted comms?

GUI builder?

Allow minimize, maximize, and hide other windows as well as hide all except

Mouse Clicker helpers

Easier and better statements

imagik and tesseract APIs

CAPTCHA defeat?

Multiple instances? How would they share input?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PARTIAL - Better visual parsing and highlighting in text boxes (MAKE THIS INTO A KEYPRESS NOT AUTOMATIC BECAUSE THAT SHIT IS ANNOYING AF)
    This is a keypress of F10 and no longer automatic, but still needs better highlighting
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DONE - {PAUSE} Function
DONE - Prompts for user input
DONE - WHOAMI?
DONE - What has my focus?
DONE - Move cursor when using F4 to the location of the new item
DONE - what's MY PID
DONE - make window transluscent? uninteractable? invisible?
DONE - CONSOLE WRITE
